one of the most important things in our
experience as humans is connection the
idea that you're safe that it's gonna
last companions are not going to leave
use important to me the mission comes up
with the probability of two people
staying together your chances for a
successful relationship were 75 percent
congratulations so I have to show you
something in a very real way were
teaching him how to feel so I wanted to
start my socialization immediately asked
him if I could learn to dance good ID
what if I told you I am a synthetic what
if I told you I could engage your
emotions and sense what you're feeling
better than anyone in this room I wonder
all the time if you think about me I
thought
[Music]
I'll never break your heart I believe
you I am designed to love you and
understand you in ways that humans
simply can't you know this hurts
maintain seeing you someone else 0z
month missions don't really feel the way
people do yeah match our compatibility
your chances of a successful
relationship before disappearing are 0%
there is a fundamental incompatibility
what is this call this isn't gonna be
easy to say there was a test
I'm so sorry sir
this is my life it doesn't make any
sense
I'd like us to be a couple of what you
guys had together as real really mister
[Music]
please call I need to what will happen
to me
[Music]
you